# The Mad Dog Initiative Vet Clinic Map
summary of the application, its objectives, and a reference to the
article you used for inspiration.
This application is compatible with the Global News article "Vet heading home to Madagascar to protect endangered animals" https://globalnews.ca/news/2615759/vet-heading-home-to-madagascar-to-protect-endangered-animals/
One of the serious conservation crises threatening Madagascar's biodiversity is the abundance and impact of invasive species. As human populations grow and spread further into surviving forest, so do the populations and ranges of the animals dependent on them. Feral and domestic dogs and cats roam the streets and forests killing threatened endangered species, competing with native carnivores for a food source, spreading disease to native species, and contributing to overpopulation. The Mad Dog initiative is an organization that coordinates veterinary clinics to treat dogs and cats by recording a photo ID, location, blood, fecal, and parasite samples, vaccinating them and performing spay/neuter. This allows the later identification of each sampled animal to track their habits in the forest, reduce disease transmission, discourages overpopulation, and contributes to the data available for conservation science in the area. 
This map uses geospatial data to identify the location of these vet clinics and detail how many and what kind of invasive species has been treated at that clinic. The map is complete with the Flag of Madagascar, an embedded link to the Global News article, and a link to the Mad Dog Initiative's website in the latitude and longitude pop-ups. 

